Add `redirectUrl` parameter to `startSSOFlow` (#2005)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/custom-flows/enterprise-connections.mdx

    import * as WebBrowser from 'expo-web-browser'
    import { useSSO } from '@clerk/clerk-expo'
    import { View, Button, TextInput } from 'react-native'

    export const useWarmUpBrowser = () => {
      useEffect(() => {
        // Preloads the browser for Android devices to reduce authentication load time
        // See: https://docs.expo.dev/guides/authentication/#improving-user-experience
        void WebBrowser.warmUpAsync()
        return () => {
          // Cleanup: closes browser when component unmounts
          void WebBrowser.coolDownAsync()
        }
      }, [])
    }

    // Handle any pending authentication sessions
    WebBrowser.maybeCompleteAuthSession()

    export default function Page() {
      useWarmUpBrowser()

      const [email, setEmail] = useState('')

      // Use the `useSSO()` hook to access the `startSSOFlow()` method
      const { startSSOFlow } = useSSO()

      const onPress = async () => {
        try {
          // Start the authentication process by calling `startSSOFlow()`
          const { createdSessionId, setActive, signIn, signUp } = await startSSOFlow({
            strategy: 'enterprise_sso',
            identifier: email,

>             redirectUrl: '/', // The URL to redirect to after successful authentication

Author: This is optional, by default it's `sso-callback`, I think we should update on the `useSSO` reference

  </Tab>

  <Tab>
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > Expo supports [SAML](/docs/authentication/enterprise-connections/overview#saml) Enterprise SSO, but does not support [OIDC](/docs/authentication/enterprise-connections/overview#oidc).

    The following example **will both sign up _and_ sign in users**, eliminating the need for a separate sign-up page.

    The following example:

>     1. Accesses the `startSSOFlow()` method using the [`useSSO()`](/docs/references/expo/use-sso) hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Uses the [`useSSO()`](/docs/references/expo/use-sso) hook to access the `startSSOFlow()` method.
```

>     1. Calls the `startSSOFlow()` method with the `strategy` param set to `enterprise_sso` and the `identifier` param set to the user's email address that they provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Calls the `startSSOFlow()` method with the `strategy` param set to `enterprise_sso`, the `identifier` param set to the user's email address that they provided, and a `redirect_url` param to redirect the user once they finish the authentication flow.
```

>     1. Calls the `startSSOFlow()` method with the `strategy` param set to `enterprise_sso`, the `identifier` param set to the user's email address that they provided, and a `redirect_url` param to redirect the user once they finish the authentication flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Calls the `startSSOFlow()` method with the `strategy` param set to `enterprise_sso` and the `identifier` param set to the user's email address that they provided. The optional `redirect_url` param is also set in order to redirect the user once they finish the authentication flow.
```
